---
title: My New York Bohemian List 
date: 2014-03-13
description: My New York secrets to you
tag: travel 
author: Vamsee Jasti
---


There are many things I hate about New York but there are about twice the number of the things that I love about it. Here are a collections of things I tell people to do, eat and drink. Veers vegan/ vegetrian for the most part. 

So here they are, my greatest hits:
 
<h2>Do</h2>

Walk the Highline| Most beautiful in the spring or fall<br></br>
Museum of Modern Art| Indoor hanging helicopter is the highlight<br></br>
The MET| Remember, it's donation based which they don't make obvious<br></br>
Williamsburg, Brooklyn| Lot of cool little places in and around Bedford Ave<br></br>
Walk the Brooklyn Bridge| Ask for the ice-cream factory on the Brooklyn side<br></br>
Sleep No More| A moving play set in a warehouse that you walk around<br></br>
Gallow Green| A spooky rooftop bar with frequent visits by the casts of Sleep No More<br></br>
Google Office Rooftop| Find a Google buddy who works at Google<br></br>


<h2>Eat</h2>

Hangawi| Korean vegan food with unbelievable ambience <br></br>
Beyond Sushi| Best vegan sushi.<br></br>
Pio pio| Peruvian Chicken. Nandos bites this place's dust<br></br>
Five Leaves| Australian cusines, done right (in Williamsburg, Brooklyn)<br></br>
Dirt Candy| Vegan prix fixe. Just brilliant<br></br>
Candle Cafe| Tasty vegetarian but nowhere close to healthy<br></br>
Bubby’s| American Southern food and they have the best pies in town<br></br>
La Esquina| Mouth watering tacos. Enough said <br></br>
Sigiri| If you've never had Srilankan, just go. Order the Lamprais<br></br>
Kottu House| If you liked Sigiri, go here for the Kottu. Say hi to Chaz<br></br>

<h2>Drink</h2>

Amor y Amargo| A Bitters Tasting Room<br></br>
Greenpoint Brewery| They experiment about 300 beers a year<br></br>
230 5th Ave| Expensive, touristy but also probably the best rooftop bar in the city<br></br>
The Raines Law Room | Probably the best prohibition setting bar in NYC with solid cocktails<br></br>
Chaan tea house| A place to wind down with a book or meet friends for tea<br></br>
Blue Bottle Coffee| Rockefeller building<br></br>
Toby's Estate Coffee| Williamsburg, Brooklyn<br></br>
Kaffe 1668| They take their coffee very seriously here<br></br>
Le Colombe| Mochas are really good<br></br>
Mud Truck| Try the mocha from the truck or the store<br></br>
Round K| Murakami would go here for coffee <br></br>

<h2>Sweets</h2>

Lady M| Haven't had anything like it before<br></br>
Morgenstern's Icecream| The icecream temperature they serve at is perfect<br></br>
Levain| The best cookie in the world (Dark Chocolate peanut butter)<br></br>
Magnolia Cupcakes| Quite touristy now, but that shoudn't stop you<br></br>
Momofuku milk bar| Get the compost cookie<br></br>
Van Leeuwen| Natural ice-creams. Try the Ginger or Gianduja<br></br> 

<br></br>


I've done my fare bit of travelling and I hate to admit it, but New York is the world's most amazing city and these places are just a few reasons for it. 

---
